END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (1.2)

PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY.  BY USING ALL OR ANY PORTION OF
THE SOFTWARE YOU ("YOU" AND "LICENSEE") ACCEPT THE FOLLOWING TERMS
FROM GOSTAI S.A.S, FRENCH CORPORATION ("GOSTAI"), REGISTERED AT
489 244 624 RCS PARIS.  YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  YOU AGREE THAT IT IS ENFORCEABLE AS IF
IT WERE A WRITTEN NEGOTIATED AGREEMENT SIGNED BY YOU.  IF YOU DO NOT
AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT YOU MUST NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.

This End User License Agreement (the "Agreement") is a legal agreement
between you and Gostai.  It permits you to use the software only for
non-commercial use. In the event that you sell or bundle the software
in a commercial product, the use of the Software will be governed by a
separate End User License Agreement.  This License Agreement is
limited to Personal use, Educational purposes, and Academics Research
only. Commercial use is subject to a separate license.


1. DEFINITIONS

1.1 "Components" means computer programs which may be used with and/or
utilized by the Urbi SDK as embedded language objects, or "UObjects".

1.2 "Documentation" means the electronic and/or hard copy user manual,
if any, supplied with the Urbi SDK.

1.3 "Intellectual Property Rights" means all intellectual property
rights, including patents, utility models, trade and service marks,
trade names, domain names, right in designs, copyrights, moral rights,
topography rights, rights in databases, trade secrets and know-how, in
all cases whether or not registered or registrable and including
registrations and applications for registration of any of these and
rights to apply for the same, and all rights and forms of protection
of a similar nature or having equivalent or similar effect to any of
these anywhere in the world.

1.4 "Urbi Core" means (i) the computer program which can interpret the
Urbi language and execute routines written using Urbi ("Kernel"); and
(ii) the network component which enables the Kernel to receive and
transmit programs via a TCP/IP protocol.

1.5 "Urbi Remote SDK" means (i) the computer library which interacts
with an Urbi Core; and (ii) the computer library to build and run
UObjects.

1.6 "Urbi SDK" means the package of software which includes (i) the
Urbi Core; and (ii) the Urbi Remote SDK; and (iii) such components for
controlling certain hardware and software which Gostai makes available
to the Licensee; and (iv) any bug fixes, enhancements, or other
modifications of the Urbi SDK provided to Licensee.


2. GRANT OF RIGHTS; RESTRICTIONS

2.1 In consideration of Licensee's compliance with the terms herein
and subject to all the terms and conditions of this License Agreement,
Gostai hereby grants Licensee a nonterminable, nonexclusive,
nontransferable license for the Term to use the Urbi SDK for its own
internal use for non-commercial applications, non-commercial
activities, non-commercial evaluation. By non-commercial, we mean:
academics use, personal hobbyist use or non-profit use. This license
is in respect of use of the Urbi SDK by the Licensee only and no
subsidiaries or holding company of the Licensee may use the Urbi SDK.

2.2 Licensee shall not, and shall not permit any third parties to:
(i) modify, translate, create derivative copies of or copy the Urbi
SDK (other than one backup copy which reproduces all proprietary
notices), in whole or in part other than for the purpose permitted in
clause 2.1; (ii) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise
reduce the object code of the Urbi SDK to source code form;
(iii) distribute, sublicense, assign, share, timeshare, sell, rent,
lease, grant a security interest in, use for service bureau purposes,
or otherwise transfer the Urbi SDK or Licensee's right to use the Urbi
SDK; (iv) remove or modify any copyright, trademark, or other
proprietary notices of Gostai affixed to the media containing the Urbi
SDK or contained within the Urbi SDK; or (v) use the Urbi SDK in any
manner not expressly authorized by this License Agreement.

2.3 For the avoidance of doubt: Licensee shall only be permitted to
distribute the Urbi SDK pursuant to a separate commercial license
which is available from Gostai.


3. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

Gostai has sole and exclusive ownership of all right, title, and
interest in and to the Urbi SDK, including all Intellectual Property
Rights therein.  This License Agreement conveys a limited license to
use the Urbi SDK and shall not be construed to convey title to or
ownership of the Urbi SDK or the Intellectual Property Rights to
Licensee.  All rights in and to the Urbi SDK not expressly granted to
Licensee are reserved by Gostai.


4. TERM AND TERMINATION

4.1 This License Agreement shall commence on the date of purchase and
continue until terminated in accordance with this Clause 4.

4.2 If either party breaches this License Agreement in any material
respect, the other party may give written notice to the breaching
party of its intent to terminate, and if such breach is not cured
within thirty (30) days after the breaching party's receipt of such
notice, this License Agreement shall terminate without any further
notice required (but no cure period is required for any breach that
cannot be cured).

4.3 Upon any termination of this License Agreement and save only as
permitted to the contrary under any other written agreement between
the parties which survives this License Agreement (a) the rights and
licenses granted to Licensee herein shall terminate; (b) Licensee
shall cease all use of the Urbi SDK; (c) Licensee shall return to
Gostai all copies of the Urbi SDK and Documentation in Licensee's
possession or under its control; and (d) Licensee shall certify in
writing to Gostai its compliance with the foregoing.  Clauses 2, 3 (to
the extent of unpaid obligations), 5.2, 6 and 7 shall survive any
termination of this License Agreement.


5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

5.1 Gostai shall have no obligation to provide ongoing support or
maintenance services to Licensee. Support and Maintenance or subject
to separate contract available from Gostai.

5.2 THE WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS CLAUSE 5 ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN
LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE
IN LAW OR FROM COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF
TRADE, ALL OF WHICH ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED AND DISCLAIMED.

5.3 The Licensee hereby represents that it shall (i) comply with all
applicable local and foreign laws and regulations which may govern the
use of the Urbi SDK, and (ii) use the Urbi Engine only for lawful
purposes and in accordance with the terms of this License Agreement.


6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

6.1 IN NO EVENT SHALL GOSTAI BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS AND
GOODWILL, BUSINESS OR BUSINESS BENEFIT, OR THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS BY LICENSEE EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.  IN NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL GOSTAI BE LIABLE FOR ANY
FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE TO PERFORM IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
DOCUMENTATION, OR AT ALL, RESULTING FROM A FAILURE BY THE LICENSEE TO
COMPLY WITH THE MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS.  ADDITIONALLY, LICENSEE
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT WHILST THE SOFTWARE MAY BE USED IN COMBINATION WITH
THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, GOSTAI BEARS NO LIABILITY, HOWSOEVER ARISING,
FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE OR COST THAT ARISES FROM A FAILURE OF THE
SOFTWARE TO INTEGRATE WITH LICENSEE OR THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, OR FROM A
FAILURE BY THE LICENSEE TO OBTAIN THE NECESSARY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS,
LICENSES AND CONSENTS TO USE SUCH THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE.


7. GENERAL

7.1 Licensee shall not assign this License Agreement, in whole or in
part, without the written consent of Gostai.

7.2 Licensee consents to the use by Gostai of Licensee's name in
customer lists and other publicity, including interviews, case
studies, and conference discussions, provided that such publicity
accurately describes the nature of the relationship between Licensee
and Gostai.

7.3 This License Agreement and its performance shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with and the parties hereby submit to the
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the laws of France.

7.4 Licensee agrees that because of the unique nature of the Urbi SDK
and Gostai's proprietary rights therein, a demonstrated breach of this
License Agreement by Licensee would irreparably harm Gostai and
monetary damages would be inadequate compensation.  Therefore,
Licensee agrees that Gostai shall be entitled to preliminary and
permanent injunctive relief, as determined by any court of competent
jurisdiction to enforce the provisions of this License Agreement.

7.5 If any provision of this License Agreement or the Urbi SDK thereof
is declared void, illegal, or unenforceable, the remainder of this
License Agreement will be valid and enforceable to the extent
permitted by applicable law.  In such event, the parties agree to use
their best efforts to replace the invalid or unenforceable provision
by a provision that, to the extent permitted by the applicable law,
achieves the purposes intended under the invalid or unenforceable
provision.

7.6 Any failure by any party to this License Agreement to enforce at
any time any term or condition under this License Agreement will not
be considered a waiver of that party's right thereafter to enforce
each and every term and condition of this License Agreement.

7.7 Neither party will be responsible for delays resulting from
circumstances beyond the reasonable control of such party, provided
that the nonperforming party uses reasonable efforts to avoid or
remove such causes of nonperformance and continues performance
hereunder with reasonable dispatch whenever such causes are removed.

7.8 This License Agreement (i) constitutes the entire agreement and
understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, oral and written, made
with respect to the subject matter hereof, and (ii) cannot be altered
except by agreement in writing executed by an authorized
representative of each party.  No purchase order and/or standard terms
of purchase provided by Licensee shall supersede this License
Agreement.


Gostai S.A.S.
15, rue Jean-Baptiste Berlier
75013 Paris
France
